XML-FOAFKnows-FromvCard version 0.4
===================================

This module takes a vCard string parses it using L<Text::vCard> and
attempts to make C<foaf:knows> records from it. It's scope is limited
to that, it is not intended to be a full vCard to RDF conversion
module, it just wants to make reasonable knows records of your
contacts.

It is also conservative in what it outputs. If a vCard contains a
"CONFIDENTIAL" class, it will write nothing, and unless a there is a
"PUBLIC" class, it will only output the SHA1-hashed mailbox, a nick if
it exists and a homepage if it exists. A discussion of these issues
will appear in this module later.

The module also contains a script foafvcard. With that, you can
produce a useful FOAF file from the command line with some
parameters. It will install itself to your system's directory for
executables and can be used directly after installation.

The script takes a vCard file as primary input, but can also take
other parameters:

--seeAlso=URI
	An URI to your, the author's FOAF file.

--uri=URI
	Your canonical URI, for example your own Person record.

--email=your@email.address
	Your email address, to be hashed and included as an Inverse
	Functional Property, to identify you as a person.

--attribute=VCARDATTRIBUTE
	You may enter the name of an attribute that may contain
	CONFIDENTIAL, PRIVATE or PUBLIC, and the amount of information
	included in the resulting FOAF will depend on that
	attribute. The default is CLASS, which is used by at least
	KAddressbook.

--privacy=PRIVATE|PUBLIC
	You may set this to either PRIVATE or PUBLIC, or leave it
	unset. In the case of PRIVATE, it will return only minimal
	data for the person, in the case of PUBLIC, it will return
	quite a lot of information. 

See the module's POD for more details, there is also a longer
discussion of the privacy issues.


More information will appear here later.


INSTALLATION

To install this module use the CPAN or CPANPLUS tools or type the
following:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

DEPENDENCIES

This module requires Text::vCard and Digest::SHA1. There are known
Segmentation fault problems with Text::vCard::Addressbook prior to
1.96 with some files, so in case you experience segfaults, make sure
you have at least this version.


SUBVERSION REPOSITORY

This module is currently maintained in a Subversion repository. The
trunk can be checked out anonymously using e.g.:

  svn checkout http://svn.kjernsmo.net/XML-FOAFKnows-FromvCard/trunk/ FOAFKnows


COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2005 by Kjetil Kjernsmo

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.4 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.


